So in this module, our service worker again grew,
however we added a lot of important functionality to it.
You learned about all these different strategies and when to use them
and with that, you've got a powerful toolbox of tools you can use in your web applications, to cache
what you want to cache at the point of time you want to cache it and to serve it in the right way when
being offline or in general as you never know, when not being sure whether your user is able to access
your web page or not.
Now this is a core set of features you gained in this module here and although we already practice them,
I can only encourage you to keep on practicing these strategies.
You have to understand them to pick the right one and implement it correctly on your page.
Now with that, let's move on.